Add community-contributed-connectors (#22)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-dataplex: managed-connectivity/community-contributed-connectors/CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to become a contributor and submit your own code

## Contributor License Agreements

> We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this set of metadata collectors! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this set of metadata connectors! 
```

Before we can take them, we have to jump a couple of legal hurdles.

Please fill out either the individual or corporate Contributor License Agreement
(CLA).

  * If you are an individual writing original source code and you're sure you
    own the intellectual property, then you'll need to sign an [individual CLA]

>     (https://developers.google.com/open-source/cla/individual).

Reviewer: Nit: remove the line break between the link text and URL. Check for other places in the .md files.

  * If you work for a company that wants to allow you to contribute your work,
    then you'll need to sign a [corporate CLA]
    (https://developers.google.com/open-source/cla/corporate).

> Follow either of the two links above to access the appropriate CLA and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow either of the previous links to access the appropriate CLA and
```

instructions for how to sign and return it. Once we receive it, we'll be able to
accept your pull requests.

## Contributing A Patch

1. Submit an issue describing your proposed change to the repo in question.
1. The repo owner will respond to your issue promptly.
1. If your proposed change is accepted, and you haven't already done so, sign a
   Contributor License Agreement (see details above).
1. Fork the desired repo, develop and test your code changes.
1. Ensure that your code adheres to the existing style in the sample to which
   you are contributing. Refer to the
   [Google Cloud Platform Samples Style Guide]

>    (https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/Template/wiki/style.html) for the

Reviewer: Looks like this repo is inactive. The deprecated repo links to https://opensource.google/documentation/reference/releasing/preparing - maybe see if one of these pages might be a good fit instead?
